docs: Update Development.md (#2424)
bentoml/BentoML: DEVELOPMENT.md

# Developer Guide

> ## Start Developing

Reviewer: lets revert this

Reviewer 2: Er, what, exactly?

<details><summary><h3>with the Command Line</h3></summary>

1. Make sure to have [Git](https://git-scm.com/), [pip](https://pip.pypa.io/en/stable/installation/), and [Python3.7+](https://www.python.org/downloads/) installed.

   Optionally, make sure to have [GNU Make](https://www.gnu.org/software/make/) available on your system if you aren't using a UNIX-based system for a better developer experience.
   If you don't want to use `make` then please refer to the [Makefile](./Makefile) for specific commands on a given make target.

2. Fork the BentoML project on [GitHub](https://github.com/bentoml/BentoML).

3. Clone the source code from your fork of BentoML's GitHub repository:
   ```bash

>    git clone https://github.com/yourusername/BentoML.git && cd BentoML

Reviewer: Actually we want to keep this like before, since this sections tells users how to install bentoml from the official repository, below this section we do mention how to install from fork.

Reviewer 2: Since it's a guide for developers I think the correct thing to do is to tell them to fork. I don't think it really makes sense for somebody who doesn't know what they're doing to clone the master repo, and if you do know what you're doing you probably don't need the help.

   ```

4. Add the BentoML upstream remote to your local BentoML clone:
   ```bash
   git remote add upstream git@github.com:bentoml/BentoML.git

>    ```

Reviewer: I prefer not to encapsulate this under a dropdown details.

Reviewer 3: that should be ok since it's for beginners only and they probably only read it once. But I can see people come back fro the rest of the docs during development

   ```bash
   git pull
   ```

3. Create a new branch and switch to it.
   ```bash
   git switch -c my-new-branch-name
   ```

4. Make your changes!

5. Use the git add command to save the state of files you have changed.
   ```bash
   git add <names of the files you have changed>
   ```

6. Commit your changes.
   ```bash
   git commit
   ```

7. Push all changes to your fork on GitHub.
   ```bash
   git push
   ```
</details>

<details><summary><h3>using VS Code</h3></summary>

1. Switch to the main branch:
    1. Open the command palette with Ctrl+Shift+P.
    2. Search for 'Git: Checkout to...'
    3. Select 'main'.

2. Pull from the upstream remote:
    1. Open the command palette.
    2. Enter and select 'Git: Pull...'
    3. Select 'upstream'.

3. Create and change to a new branch:
    1. Type in 'Git: Create Branch...' in the command palette.
    2. Enter a branch name.

4. Make your changes!

5. Stage all your changes:
    1. Enter and select 'Git: Stage All Changes...' in the command palette.

6. Commit your changes:
    1. Open the command palette and enter 'Git: Commit'.

7. Push your changes:
    1. Enter and select 'Git: Push...' in the command palette.

> </details>

Reviewer: I'm abit hesistant to add this. What is your opinion on this @parano ? I think if we provide a way to do it in the terminal then using VSCode should be pretty self-explanatory.

Reviewer 3: I like this addition, this could be very helpful for beginners

  -v, --verbose         set verbose scripts

> If 'pytest_additional_arguments' is given, the additional arguments will be passed to all of the tests run by the tests script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `pytest_additional_arguments` is given, the additional arguments will be passed to all of the tests run by the tests script.
```

  -v, --verbose         set verbose scripts

> If pytest_additional_arguments is given, the additional arguments will be passed to all of the tests run by the tests script.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If `pytest_additional_arguments` is given, the additional arguments will be passed to all of the tests run by the tests script.
```

make hooks
```
## Stubs
Refer to [Installation](https://github.com/microsoft/pyright#installation) to install pyright correctly.

In order for pyright to function correctly you must also run the following scripts alongside the stubs provided in the main repository.

You can also clone a [copy](https://github.com/bentoml/stubs) of all the dependencies stubs used by BentoML to `typings/` via:
```bash
# Assuming at $GIT_ROOT
git clone git@github.com:bentoml/stubs.git
\rm -rf typings/.git* typings/*.{sh,toml,txt,cfg,py,md}

> ```

Reviewer: I forgot to fix this, but I think we should remove this part. Can you help us removing this? Thank you

In order for us to manage PR and Issues systematically, we encourage developers to use hierarchical branch folders to manage branch naming.
Run `./dev/install_git_hooks.sh` to install `pre-commit` hooks. We will check if your branch naming
follows the given regex : `^(feature|bugfix|improv|lib|prerelease|release|hotfix)\/[a-zA-Z0-9._-]+$`. This
is partially based on how [Azure DevOps](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/repos/git/require-branch-folders?view=azure-devops&tabs=browser)
manages its repos and conventional commits spec (see below for more information):
- feature: new features/proposals users want to integrate into the library, not a new feature for a build script
- bugfix: bugfix of a feature, not a fix to a build script
- improv: improvements/refactor/cleanup production code, eg. reformat, pylint, etc.
- lib: related to internal libraries, features required by the production code
- prerelease: alpha/beta features that might should be included in the prerelease of the library. This would help testing new features/integrations for the library
- release: included all features that is production ready

> - hotifx: patch of current bugs in production code

Reviewer: can you restore this part, we are putting this here since we want to follow conventional commits. Refers to [here](https://www.conventionalcommits.org/en/v1.0.0/)

Reviewer 2: My opinion on conventional commits: with our workflow they're kind of useless.

Branch hygiene is kind of meaningless because it's not our problem; we don't develop in a monolithic repo (thank goodness) so users can do branches however they like.

Because we're squash-and-merging, commits on people's branches are also kind of meaningless. Commit hygiene in general is a bit lackluster overall, and enforcing these arbitrary rules aren't actually helping. We should just make an effort to write sensible commit titles and messages when we squash-and-merge; I think that's generally the better way to handle this kind of thing anyway. We're still asking users to title their PRs in a nice way, which should get us a decent amount of the way there.
